# Sentiment Analysis Web App with Streamlit

## ML OPs

### Description
The app contains two python files app.py and train_model.py.

train_model.py is used to create and train a scikit-learn model pipeline on the "IMDB Dataset of 50K Movie Reviews" from kaggle.
the model uses the TfidfVectorizer() function from scikit-learn to convert the collection of reviews to a matrix of TF-IDF features. It then uses the MultinomialNB() function from scikit-learn to train a Multinomial Naive Bayes Classifier on the TF-IDF matrix generated from the movie reviews. This model is our sentiment analysis model. After the pipeline has been fit (and the sentiment model trained), we then save the model to a .pkl file for use in the streamlit application (see below).

app.py is used to generate a streamlit application which takes in user input in a text box where the user input is an example movie review. The user then presses the "Analyze" button and is presented with the sentiment of the movie. The sentiment is predicted using the review enetered by the user as input for the sentiment model that is loaded in to app.py. We also present the probabilities of a 'Positive' and 'Negative' review generated by our model using predict_proba().

To run the app on your own, just download the .csv file from this repository as well as app.py and train_model.py. Then update the path to the csv in train_model.py to the location on your computer, and update the the path to the .pkl file where the model is saved if desired. In app.py, make sure the path to the .pkl file is correct when loading the model.

